cwl-input-schema implementation (#288)
common-workflow-language/cwl-utils: README.rst

   cwl-normalizer directory/path/to/save/outputs path_to_my_workflow.cwl [more_workflows.cwl]

> Generate for Workflow Parameters from a CWL document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate a JSON Schema for the inputs of a CWL document
```
